docs/player-databases/index.en.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Player databases
permalink: /player-databases
page_id: player-databases
nav_order: 400
---

# Player Databases

When adding players to a tournament, you can search the **FIDE players database** or any other player database provided by a federation via a [plugin]({% link docs/plugins/index.en.md %}).

The FIDE players database must be downloaded and installed locally before it can be used. Plugins may also provide additional databases that behave the same way, or they may add support for online player databases.

## Database Management

You can manage all local player databases from the **Databases** page, accessible via the database icon in the navigation menu.

For each database, you can choose to:
- **Update automatically** when _Sharly Chess_ starts
- **Receive a warning** when the database is outdated (based on the number of days you define).  In this case the database icon will display a warning sign.
- **Update manually** at any time — especially handy on the morning of a tournament

This system ensures you always have the latest player info at your fingertips, without relying on an internet connection during the event.

Commit message:

Release 2.8.0 (#17)
* Updated the version
Updated changelog.*.md
Prepared 2.8 posts

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Added prize calculation to the changelog

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Fixed quotes in changelog.*.md

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Add prizes doc

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Updated for sidebar

* Fixed prize-list.fr.md

* Data source rename

* Fixed typo

* Fixed 60

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Printing docs

* Print help link

* Pairings update

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Wrote 2025-06-15-v28.fr.md

* English version

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Performance indicator changes

* Name change

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Fixed changelog.*.md

* Finalized 2.8.0

---------

Co-authored-by: Timothy Armes <tim@timothyarmes.com>

docs/player-databases/index.en.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Data sources
permalink: /data-sources/
page_id: data-sources
nav_order: 400
---

# Data sources

Data sources are used to find players when adding them to a tournament.

In order to add players from the **FIDE players database**, it must first be downloaded and installed locally on your machine using Sharly Chess.

[Plugins]({% link docs/plugins/index.en.md %}) may also provide additional databases that behave the same way, or they may add support for online player databases.

## Installing databases on your machine

You can manage all local player databases from the **Data sources** page, accessible via the "Data sources" option in the navigation menu.

For each data source that's downloaded tp your machine, you can choose to:
- **Update automatically** when _Sharly Chess_ starts.
- **Receive a warning** when the database is outdated (based on the number of days you define).  In this case the "Data sources" option will display a warning sign.
- **Update manually** at any time — especially handy on the morning of a tournament.

This system ensures you always have the latest player info at your fingertips, without relying on an internet connection during the event.
