docs/network/access-levels-details-en.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this table manually, use script generate_access_levels_doc.py instead. -->

### 🔴 ADM Administration
Includes all other access levels and grants full access to the application. This access level is granted only when accessing Sharly Chess from the device it is running on (not from another device on the network).

### 🟡 ORG Organization
Allows granting or revoking the Chief Arbitration access level and editing the event. Also includes the permissions of the Screen Management access level.

### 🟡 SCR Screen Management
Allows management of Screens and the accounts that can access them.

### 🟡 CA Chief Arbitration
Allows granting or revoking the Deputy Chief Arbitration access level, editing the event, and managing tournaments; Also includes the permissions of the Deputy Chief Arbitration access level.

### 🟡 DCA Deputy Chief Arbitration
Allows managing players, entering results (including special results and their modification), handling check-ins, pairings, and displays.

### 🟡 PAI Pairing
Allows pairing of the players, either using a pairing engine or manually.

### 🟡 SEC Sector arbitration
Allows access to the Players and Pairings tabs, results and illegal moves update.

### 🟢 CHE Check-in via public screens
Allows check-in via any input Screens that have been marked as public.

### 🟢 RES Results entry via public screens
Allows entry of results via any input Screens that have been marked as public.

### 🟢 SPE Spectator
Allows access to Screens marked as public.

<!-- Generated by script generate_access_levels_doc.py on 2025-09-17 21:28 -->

Commit message:

Renamed Permissions to Authorized actions Updated image Fixed typos

docs/network/access-levels-details-en.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this table manually, use script generate_access_levels_doc.py instead. -->

### 🔴 ADM Administration
Includes all other access levels and grants full access to the application. This access level is granted only when accessing Sharly Chess from the device it is running on (not from another device on the network).

### 🟡 ORG Organization
Allows granting or revoking the Chief Arbitration access level and editing the event (inheritance: Screen Management).

### 🟡 SCR Screen Management
Allows management of Screens and the accounts that can access them (inheritance: Spectator).

### 🟡 CA Chief Arbitration
Allows granting or revoking the Deputy Chief Arbitration access level, editing the event, and managing tournaments (inheritance: Deputy Chief Arbitration).

### 🟡 DCA Deputy Chief Arbitration
Allows managing players, entering special results, modifying results, handling check-ins, pairings, and displays (inheritance: Pairing).

### 🟡 PAI Pairing
Allows pairing of the players, either using a pairing engine or manually (inheritance: Sector arbitration).

### 🟡 SEC Sector arbitration
Allows access to the Players and Pairings tabs, results and illegal moves update (inheritance: Check-in via public screens, Results entry via public screens).

### 🟢 CHE Check-in via public screens
Allows check-in via any input Screens marked as public (inheritance: Spectator).

### 🟢 RES Results entry via public screens
Allows entry of results via any input Screens marked as public (inheritance: Spectator).

### 🟢 SPE Spectator
Allows access to Screens marked as public.

<!-- Generated by script generate_access_levels_doc.py on 2025-09-19 15:51 -->
