---
title: Sharly Chess 3.4 Released
date: 2025-12-25 00:00:00 +0200
categories: news
layout: post
page_id: post-2025-12-25
slug: v34
lang: en
excerpt: "Version 3.4 brings secure event sharing, prize receipts, Linux experimental packaging and some interface improvements."
---

_Sharly Chess_ version 3.4 is now available!

## Player age category improvements

To meet the needs of organisers of events that don't use the standard FIDE age categories, it's now possible to configure the age categories that will be used by your event.  Different configurations can be used on an ad-hoc basis, but you can also create category sets that you can re-use easily for future events too.

Age categories can now be calculated using a configurable reference date.
By doing so, players remain in the age category they had on that date instead of being reclassified based on the tournament date.
This is particularly useful for long-running championships, where a player might otherwise change category partway through the competition.

## Event Export

To facilitate event sharing, it is now possible to export events, specifying whether or not to include players, their personal data (email and phone number), and the credentials used to publish results online.

## Prize Receipts

To meet the needs expressed by some organizers, prize receipts allow for recording the collection of prizes from players.

## Removal of Browser Translations

Browser abusive translations have been reported (even including player names!), so browsers are now asked to stop translating interface content.

## Timers

The timer management interface has been simplified, and timers now appear on the rotators.

## Linux

Linux bundles are now available for Intel/AMD and ARM architectures.

Beta testers have reported successful installations on Ubuntu et Mint ([details]({% link docs/getting-started/installation-linux.en.md %}), but we are still far from a stable and fully supported distribution for all Linux platforms.
The _Sharly Chess_ developers are unable to provide support for this aspect and are looking for Linux experts. Get in touch!

## Chess-Results.com

- A "State" field has been added to the _Chess-Results_ export for some federations.

👉 Check out the [full changelog]({% link dev/changelog.en.md %}) for all the details.

As always, we welcome your feedback on [Discord](https://discord.gg/at3d9WWJXu), by email ([support@sharly-chess.com](mailto:support@sharly-chess.com)), or on [GitHub](https://github.com/sharly-chess/sharly-chess/issues).
