---
title: Sharly Chess 4.1 released
date: 2026-05-11 12:00:00 +0200
categories: news
layout: post
page_id: post-2026-05-11
slug: v41
lang: en
excerpt: "Sharly Chess version 4.1 is up to 3 times faster and offers better management of player presence."
---

_Sharly Chess_ is back for a new version, with a global optimisation (up to 3x faster!) and a focus on a crucial part of over the board tournaments: player presence.

## Check-in

It is now possible to handle player presence outside of a designated check-in period, making it easier to handle late arrivals or players leaving. 

The _Check-in_ / _Results entry_ screens have been split into distinct screen types.

## Criteria

Tournament and prize criteria have been made more accessible. 
- For tournaments, criteria are now integrated to the form
- For prizes, the most used criteria can now be created directly from the category form

## Tie-breaks

Tie-breaks have been updated to match the latest changes of the _FIDE_ Handbook. 

It includes 3 new tie-breaks (STD, TPN, RTNG) and changes to Buchholz and Sonneborn-Berger. 

Creating tie-breaks has also been simplified, as it is now possible to save your favorite tie-breaks into sets which can be re-used across multiple events.

## _Sharly-Chess.com_

A lot of improvements have also been done to our registration platform Sharly-Chess.com: 
- Player check-in
- Tournament and tariff criteria
- French school competitions are now taken into account as soon as the players register

All the new features are synchronized with version 4.1 of the _Sharly Chess_ application. 

👉 Check out the [full changelog]({% link dev/changelog.en.md %}) for all the details.

We hope you'll appreciate this new version, as always feel free to share any feedback on [Discord](https://discord.gg/WGG87eJzQZ), by email ([support@sharly-chess.com](mailto:support@sharly-chess.com)), or on [GitHub](https://github.com/sharly-chess/sharly-chess/issues).
