---
title: Sharly Chess 3.6 Released
date: 2026-02-18 08:50:00 +0200
categories: news
layout: post
page_id: post-2026-02-23
slug: v36
lang: en
excerpt: "Version 3.6 adds many user-requested features to streamline event management and an upgrade of the pairing engine."
---

Version 3.6 of _Sharly Chess_ is now available!

This new version brings many user-requested features to streamline event management.

## Importing/Exporting Events

It is possible to import events from the application (Home > Create an Event > Import an SCE File), and exporting data in SCE format has been promoted to avoid the data loss encountered with other formats.

## Importing Players in CSV Format

It is possible to import players in bulk using a CSV file.

## Player Distribution in Tournaments

Before the start of an event's tournaments, it is possible to distribute players into tournaments based on their rating, either manually or automatically (Tournaments tab > Distribute Players).

This feature will be particularly appreciated by organizers of events with by-level tournaments, allowing for very quick tournament setup as soon as check-in is complete.

## Removing Unpaired Players

Previously, removing unpaired players (for example, before upload them online) was done individually on the Players tab.

This can now be done all at once (Tournaments tab > Actions > Remove Unpaired Players).

## Improvement to the Crosstable Document

Hovering over player now displays their history.

## Pairing Engine Version Update

The _bbpPairings_ engine has been updated to version 6, bringing _Sharly Chess_ into compliance with recent changes to the FIDE Handbook.



👉 Check out the [full changelog]({% link dev/changelog.en.md %}) for all the details.

As always, we welcome your feedback on [Discord](https://discord.gg/at3d9WWJXu), by email ([support@sharly-chess.com](mailto:support@sharly-chess.com)), or on [GitHub](https://github.com/sharly-chess/sharly-chess/issues).
