---
title: Sharly Chess 3.5 Released
date: 2026-01-26 23:00:00 +0200
categories: news
layout: post
page_id: post-2026-01-26
slug: v35
lang: en
excerpt: "Version 3.5 adds features and improves the user experience to the plug-ins used for school competitions in France."
---

Version 3.5 of _Sharly Chess_ is now available!

For this new version, the _Sharly Chess_ developers focused on improving the plugins needed for organizing and arbitrating school competitions in France.

Note: the "Print" menu has been renamed "Documents," as documents are rarely printed (one of _Sharly Chess_'s goals is to minimize printing).

## Rework of the _Players_ tab

- All the columns are now sortable
- Search by name and club is globalized
- Dynamic columns handling to match the usage 
- Downloading now takes effect on the search results

## Improvements to the French School Competitions Plugin

**Several features** have been added, and the **user experience** has been significantly improved.

- The schools' data can be modified after creation.
- Schools can be deleted when not in use.
- The number of players per school has been added to the statistics document.
- An option allows to show only the complete teams on the schools ranking document.
- A general ranking of schools has been added to the schools ranking document.
- It is possible to hide the UAIs of schools for export to the _FFE_ website.
- The interface for adding and updating players has been significantly improved (the institution is now saved between entries).

## _FFE_ Plugin Improvements

Player updates are now done by _FFE_ license number, by _FIDE_ ID (new), and then by name and date of birth, making it easier to add the license numbers of unlicensed players at the time of competition (very useful for school competitions).

Pre-filled license certificates are now available in the "Documents" menu, along with most _FFE_ forms.

## New _Hybrid_ Prize Type

A **new prize type called _hybrid_** allows you to specify both monetary and non-monetary prizes (trophies, cups, medals, prizes in kind, etc.).

## Deletion of Archived Events

Archived events can now be deleted from the web interface, without accessing the file system.

## Displaying Pairings in Alphabetical Order

Options on the screens now allow you to **display a maximum number of players with minimal information** (board number and color), particularly suited to youth competitions where players are often confused by detailed displays (and not just young players!).



👉 Check out the [full changelog]({% link dev/changelog.en.md %}) for all the details.

As always, we welcome your feedback on [Discord](https://discord.gg/at3d9WWJXu), by email ([support@sharly-chess.com](mailto:support@sharly-chess.com)), or on [GitHub](https://github.com/sharly-chess/sharly-chess/issues).
