---
title: Sharly Chess 4.0 released
date: 2026-04-02 12:00:00 +0200
categories: news
layout: post
page_id: post-2026-04-02
slug: v40
lang: en
excerpt: "The main new feature of version 4.0 is the integration of the Sharly Chess arbitration software with the Sharly-Chess.com online registration platform."
---

Unusually, the main new features of version 4.0 aren't limited to the arbitration software: _Sharly Chess_ is now integrated with an online registration platform.

## Registration Platform _Sharly-Chess.com_

This platform, called _Sharly-Chess.com_, is the result of several months of development and is already being used successfully by several clubs.

Unlike general online payment platforms, _Sharly Chess.com_ is entirely dedicated to chess competitions.

Fully synchronized with the _Sharly Chess_ arbitration software, this platform will greatly simplify the lives of organizers and arbiters, saving them a significant amount of time in preparing their events.

It will also be appreciated by players, who will benefit from the numerous online services already implemented or coming soon: live results tracking, pairing notifications, etc.

You can now discover this new platform online:
- [access the platform](https://events.sharly-chess.com/) ;
- [view its features](https://events.sharly-chess.com/fr/features).

## _Sharly Chess_ Arbitration Software

Version 4.0 of _Sharly Chess_ also brings several features requested by the community, including:
- **Linux FlatPak packaging**: switching from AppImage to FlatPak allows for compatibility with many more Linux distributions, which will delight arbiters keen to use a free operating system.
- **Improved automatic uploading** of pairings and results;
- **Definition of tournament round schedules**, exported to _Chess-Results.com_ and _Sharly-Chess.com_;
- **Automatic calculation of event dates** from tournament dates;
- **Smoother navigation** thanks to keyboard shortcuts.

👉 Discover the other improvements in the [full changelog]({% link dev/changelog.fr.md %}).

As always, your feedback is welcome on [Discord](https://discord.gg/WGG87eJzQZ), by email ([support@sharly-chess.com](mailto:support@sharly-chess.com)), or on [GitHub](https://github.com/sharly-chess/sharly-chess/issues).

PS: Thanks and welcome to Arun, Gilles, and Lucas as contributors!
